.TH GIT-SUMMARY 1 "28 MARCH 2018" v1.2.0 "Git-Summary Manual"
.SH NAME
git-summary \- Print a summary of git author contributions

.SH SYNOPSIS
.I git summary
[<options>] [<author>]

.SH DESCRIPTION
Print a summary of git author contributions, specifically the number of commits
they made, along with how many files have been changed and the number of
additions and deletions. If an author is given the output will only include
information about the contributions of that author. In the case that no author
is given the default behavior is to print out information on the contributions
of all authors.
.PP
The command also takes a select set of options that are directly passed to
.BR git-log (1).
.PP
.B Note:
git-summary is not a part of (or affiliated with)
.BR git (1).

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-\-after=<date> ", " \-\-since=<date>
Print a summary of commits more recent than a specific date.
.TP
.BR \-\-until=<date> ", " \-\-before=<date>
Print a summary of commits older than a specific date.
.TP
.BR \-\-help
If given first opens this manpage, else prints a usage message.

.SH COLORS
The command uses
.BR git-config (1)
to decide whether or not to print in colors (using the value of color.ui). If
git decides to print in colors the author additions print using the value of
color.diff.new (defaulting to green) and author deletions print using the value
of color.diff.old (defaulting to red).

.SH AUTHOR
Bradford Smith <bradford dot smith nine four at gmail dot com>

.SH LICENSE
MIT.

.SH BUGS
Please report bugs at: <https://github.com/bradford-smith94/git-summary/issues>.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR git (1)
.BR git-config (1)
.BR git-log (1)
